What is your favorite memory of your father?|When I was a boy of fourteen, my father was so ignorant I could hardly stand to have the old man around. But when I got to be twenty-one, I was astonished at how much the old man had learned in seven years.|Mark Twain
What is your favorite memory of your mother?|All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother.|Abraham Lincoln
What is your favorite childhood memory?|How could youths better learn to live than by at once trying the experiment of living?|Henry David Thoreau
What did you do in the summers as a child?|A perfect summer day is when the sun is shining, the breeze is blowing, the birds are singing, and the lawn mower is broken.|James Dent
What was the best thing your father taught you?|Teachers who educated children deserved more honour than parents who merely gave them birth; for bare life is furnished by the one, the other ensures a good life.|Aristotle
What do you want to try that you've always been afraid of?|None but a coward dares to boast that he has never known fear.|Ferdinand Foch
Which person in your life do you wish you were closer to?
What living person do you admire most?|The really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.|Mark Twain
What photo do you wish you had taken?|Photographers deal in things which are continually vanishing and when they have vanished there is no contrivance on earth which can make them come back again.|Henri Cartier Bresson
What song most reminds you of your youth?|A-wop bop-a-lula, a wop bam boom|Little Richard
Who gave you the best one-line advice?|Roman matrons used to say to their sons: "Come back with your shield, or on it." Later on, this custom declined. So did Rome.|
What's your favorite photograph you've taken?|To many a mother the photograph of her boy in his country's uniform was the one never-failing consolation.|Louis Fabian Bachrach
What work of art is most meaningful to you?|Art has an intence, profoundly personal value-meaning to the individual experiencing it.  The value involved is life, and the words naming the emotion are: “This is what life means to me.”|Ayn Rand
What movies did you love when you were young?
Who were your childhood heroes?
Tell a story of your family's reaction to the Vietnam War.
What was your first job? How did you get it?
Who was your best friend growing up?  Are you still friends?
Talk about a time someone told you what you most needed to hear when you were most reluctant to hear it.
Who was the first person you dated? What did you learn from that relationship? 
Where is the most interesting place you've ever traveled?
Have you ever lived abroad? What were your experiences?
Where were you on 9/11?
What was your first thought when you watched Neil Armstrong land on the moon?
How has religion affected your life?
What's been the greatest technological advancement in your lifetime?
Tell a story about a time in your childhood when you got in trouble with your parents.
What's the earliest memory of something you did that you were proud of?
What was the hardest lesson for you to learn in life? When and how did you learn it?
What part of your personality was evident from an early age? How so?
Did you have any pets? Which was your favorite and what was he/she like?
What was the scariest moment in your life?
What was the best surprise you've ever had?
